MonSter Model License v1.0, Release Date: October 20, 2025

"Agreement" means the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
distribution, and modification of the MonSter Materials set forth
herein.

"MonSter Materials" means, collectively, the stereo vision and depth
estimation models, trained model weights, algorithms, and documentation
distributed under this Agreement. The MonSter models were trained using
publicly available datasets (including but not limited to KITTI,
Middlebury, ETH3D, TartanAir, etc.) that are subject to their respective
research-only or non-commercial licenses.

"Licensors" means Autel Robotics Co., Ltd. and Huazhong University
of Science and Technology, who jointly release the MonSter Materials
under this Agreement but do not claim ownership of the underlying
datasets used for model training.

"Licensee" or "you" means any individual or entity accessing,
using, reproducing, or distributing the MonSter Materials under this
Agreement.

By accessing or using any portion of the MonSter Materials, you agree to
be bound by this Agreement.

1. License Rights and Redistribution.

a. Grant of Rights.

You are granted a non-exclusive, worldwide, non-transferable, and
royalty-free limited license under the Licensors' intellectual property
or other rights to the extent such rights exist embodied in the MonSter
Materials to use, reproduce, and modify the MonSter Materials solely for
non-commercial research and educational purposes. Redistribution is
permitted only within academic or research contexts under the same
terms. The trained model weights incorporate information derived from
third-party research-only datasets and must not be used or redistributed
for any commercial or safety-critical application.

Any commercial use, redistribution, or offering of services based on the
MonSter Materials or derivatives thereof is prohibited unless expressly
authorized in writing by the Licensors.

b. Redistribution and Use.

i. If you distribute or make the MonSter Materials, or any derivative
works thereof, available to a third party, you shall provide a copy of
this Agreement to such third party.

ii. You must retain in all copies the following attribution notice:
"MonSter model is licensed under the MonSter Model License, Copyright Â©
Autel Robotics Co., Ltd. and Huazhong University of Science and
Technology. All Rights Reserved."

iii. The MonSter Materials and any derivative works thereof shall not
be used for any commercial purpose, including but not limited to
applications in autonomous vehicles, drones, robotics, surveillance, or
other safety-critical systems, nor for any military or law-enforcement
purpose.

iv. Your use of the MonSter Materials must comply with all applicable
laws and export control regulations.

v. The MonSter Materials shall not be used for any activity that may
endanger national security, harm public interests, or infringe upon the
lawful rights of others, as defined by applicable laws and regulations.

2. Research-Only Restriction.

The MonSter Materials are provided for non-commercial research and
educational use only. Any commercial, military or defense-related, or
safety-critical application is prohibited.

3. Disclaimer of Warranty.

UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE MONSTER MATERIALS AND ANY OUTPUT
AND RESULTS THEREFROM ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY,
OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR
DETERMINING THE APPROPRIATENESS OF USING OR REDISTRIBUTING THE MONSTER
MATERIALS AND ASSUME ANY RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR USE OF THE MONSTER
MATERIALS AND ANY OUTPUT AND RESULTS.

4. Limitation of Liability.

IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSORS OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE UNDER ANY THEORY
OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, PRODUCTS LIABILITY,
OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR ANY
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE
DAMAGES, EVEN IF LICENSORS OR ITS AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING.

5. Intellectual Property.

a. No trademark licenses are granted under this Agreement.

Licensees may not use the names, logos, or marks of the Licensors in a
manner that suggests endorsement or affiliation, except for reasonable
academic citation or attribution purposes.

b. No patent rights are granted under this Agreement.

Licensees shall not file or assert any patent application covering
inventions derived from or implemented using the MonSter Materials. All
patent rights in the MonSter Materials remain with the Licensors.

c. Litigation and Indemnification.

If you institute litigation or other proceedings against the Licensors
(including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the
MonSter Materials or MonSter outputs or results, or any portion thereof,
infringe any intellectual property or other rights owned or licensable
by you, then any licenses granted to you under this Agreement shall
automatically terminate as of the date such litigation or claim is filed
or instituted. You will indemnify and hold harmless the Licensors from
and against any claim, loss, or liability by any third party arising out
of or related to your use or distribution of the MonSter Materials. The
Licensors make no representation or warranty regarding the rights of
third parties in any datasets used for model training.

d. Data Sources and Third-Party Rights.

The MonSter model was trained using publicly available datasets
(including but not limited to KITTI, ETH3D, Middlebury, TartanAir, etc.)
that are restricted to non-commercial research use. Licensees must
comply with the applicable non-commercial terms and any other
restrictions of those datasets. The Licensors acknowledge that certain
datasets used in training the MonSter model may themselves contain
third-party data governed by additional terms. Licensees are responsible
for ensuring compliance with any such upstream requirements.

6. Term and Termination.

This Agreement becomes effective upon your access to or use of the
MonSter Materials. It will remain in effect until terminated as provided
herein. This Agreement will automatically terminate if the Licensee uses
the MonSter Materials for any commercial, military or defense-related,
or safety-critical purpose, or breaches any restriction stated in this
Agreement. Upon termination, the Licensee must immediately cease all use
of the MonSter Materials and delete any copies in their possession.
Sections 3 (Disclaimer of Warranty), 4 (Limitation of Liability), and 7
(Governing Law and Jurisdiction) shall survive termination.

7. Governing Law and Jurisdiction.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the People's Republic of China. Any disputes shall be submitted
to the People's Court of Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province.

8. Updates and Contact.

This License may be updated by the Licensors to reflect future model
versions, dataset changes, or expanded usage terms. For inquiries
related to licensing, redistribution, or collaborations, please contact:
compliance@autelrobotics.com.

